# guru-ji-dr.raj
Guru Ji Dr. Raj Indian Famous Astrologer in Singapore   Guru Ji Dr. Raj is a Famous Indian Astrologer in Singapore. He has been serving people from different countries for the last 28 years and has solved their problems. Guru ji solve love problems, business problems, relationship problems, financial problems and other related problems.   Guru ji Dr. Raj is PHD in Astrology and has received multiple National Awards as recognition. He has also been felicitated by several universities and honoured with degrees and awards like “Best Astrologer in Singapore” by Prestige Awards – UK and “Best Indian Astrology Guru ji” by Indian Glory Awards. Indian astrologer in Singapore, Guru ji Dr. Raj firmly believes in “Karma”. He says, our present life is directly influenced by our own actions in the past and the problems that are yet to come in our life can be avoided by putting positive effort in our present actions. Guru ji Dr. Raj always encourages his clients and helps them to find out ways to cope up with their problem.  If you want to get rid of all your Issues with the help of Vedic astrology then you must contact our best Indian astrologer in Singapore. Guru ji  will provide you the best solutions to all your problems. Guru Ji Provides the best astrological Remedies.  When you are in trouble or you are facing any kind of problem in your life and you are not able to find a solution to your problem then you can contact the top most Indian astrologer in Singapore. He is an expert in the field of horoscope and Vedic astrology. He has a well-experienced team of astrologers and they can solve all the problems related to your life. Guru ji Dr. Raj  is well known for his accurate predictions and his wonderful remedies for various life problems. Guru ji Dr. Raj provides best services in astrology,  horoscope, birth chart, marriage problems and more. To get help from Dr. Raj, you can contact him on his website - www.raj.guru Email- me@raj.guru Contact no. - +65 82444484
